<article xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" style="width:
7.5in; font: normal 13pt / 1 serif; text-align: left;
text-align-last: auto; text-indent: .5in; quotes: '&quot;' '&quot;' '\''
'\''">

<header style="margin: 0 0 13pt; text-align: center;
text-indent: 0">

<h1 style="margin: 0; font: inherit; font-size:
18pt">Exasperated Wolf and the Big Flood</h1>

<p style="margin: 0">By: <ins>[[ author name ]]</ins></p>

<p style="margin: 0"><time
datetime="2004-11-03">11/03/04</time></p>

</header>

<p style="margin: 0">Once upon a time, there was a big
exasperated wolf, who was in charge of protecting the streams
and waterways. One day it started to rain. It rained, hailed,
and was stormy for days. The wolf saw that the streams were
starting to engulf the banks. He put up barriers to trap the
water so that it wouldn't flood the nearby banks. The wolf did
grueling work but could not stop the water from leaking
through. He asked the rabbits to help him but they acted
disdainfully. He became frantic and pounced on a raccoon
romping and playing nearby. He told the raccoon how perilous
and risky the impassable water was.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">The raccoon knew the wolf. He was the
Exasperated Wolf. He had made the wolf even more exasperated
and angry yesterday, when he had acted belligerently, so he was
full of disbelief when the wolf told the story. He knew this
must be a yarn, and not a true story. The raccoon, named Jeff,
had a compulsion to hit Exasperated Wolf, but didn't because
he, and the wolf, smelled some food that was spoiled. It
smelled rancid, so the wolf cried out in anguish. <q>What is
that awful smell?</q> he wailed. He charged and ran across the
wide expanse of the field toward the rabbits, who were filling
his boat with water. He lunged at the rabbits and knocked them
away, but it was too late. The boat had begun to sink.
Exasperated Wolf bailed the water out of the boat, and Jeff
began to help him. <q>I don't need your help.</q> Exasperated
Wolf said nastily, but Jeff kept working. Both were unwavering
and without doubt that they would succeed, but it was no good.
As they wavered and shook, and the boat sank. As Exasperated
Wolf stared at his sinking boat, he heard a soothing voice. It
was a girl who needed water because she was dehydrated.</p>

<footer style="font-size: 12pt; text-indent: 0">

<p style="margin: 0"><span style="font-size: 24pt">To Be
Continued</span><br />as Wolf takes occupation of Granny's
house in<br /><span style="display: block; font-size:
24pt">Exasperated Wolf and Little Red Riding Hood</span></p>

</footer>

</article>
