{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset106 Krungthep;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=2220, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww15520\viewh15860\viewkind1\viewscale121
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 				
\f1\fs48 Year 2109\

\f0\fs24 	I don't know what I was thinking when I joined the secret service.  I guess I just wanted to have the experience.  In any case, it was then when I found out about the Rylielectronics Project.  The International Union had just passed a law stating all power plants and electrical companies were government owned.  No one thought much of it, but I knew it's true meaning, and I didn't like it.  The I.U. had adjusted all the power lines to give power only to government products under the name of Rylielectronics, or products the government had approved of and put the power-allowing chip in.  The government said that this was to prevent anyone operating "illegal and potentially dangerous objects."  That may have been an additional reason, but the main reason was this: having a Rylielectronics chip means all your data is being broadcasted to Rylie, the main chip.  Once completed, Rylie and its bearer will have access to everybody's files.  Talk about violation of rights!  But the forming of the I.U. violated all  other constitutions, and the I.U. Constitution does not include the freedom of privacy.  I was unsure of this, and so one afternoon asked.\
	"Doesn't Rylie violate some right or other?" I asked Commander Scrutin, a large brown-haired man.\
	"Nope.  We made sure of that when we wrote the Constitution." he replied.  "Now, it's time for your cleaning."\
	A cleaning is when all files relating to you are removed, and all who know you are sworn to secrecy.  You replace your name with a letter and number until you retire.  You effectively no longer exist.  It was a ritual I, for one, did not want to do.  "Must I be cleaned?" I asked Scrutin.\
	"If you want to live, yes."\
	I was led down the hall to the cleaning room, where Captain Hoff was waiting to take charge of the cleaning.  Hoff was a tall mean mannered man.  Something about him made me nervous.  Maybe it was the way he always frowned, or his large, scrutinizing eyes.  "Your parents and all other relatives or friends have been notified.  All left to be removed is your name."  He typed a few figures into the computer.  "All files with your name have been destroyed.  Your name exists only in memories.  You may go."\
	I left.}