<article xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" style="
font-family: sans-serif; line-height: 1.2; display: block;
background: white; padding: 2rem; width: 45rem; margin: auto;
counter-reset: chapter; text-align: left; text-align-last:
left">

<p style="font-family: 'Blackout', sans-serif; font-weight:
bold; line-height: 1; font-size: 1.5rem; margin: 0;
text-indent: 0">BJMNS Presents:</p>

<h1 style="font-family: 'Blackout', serif; line-height: 1;
font-size: 4rem; margin: 0">Tally Magiczl</h1>

<p style="font-family: 'Blackout'; line-height: 1; font-size:
1.1rem; margin: 0; text-indent: 0" class="subtitle">A novel</p>

<section style="padding: 1rem 0; border-bottom: .1rem black
solid; text-align: justify">

<h2 style="font-family: 'League Gothic', serif; font-size:
2rem; border-bottom: .02rem black solid">Disclaimer</h2>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem"><small
style="font-family: 'League Gothic', sans-serif; font-size:
.8rem; font-style: italic">This is a work of fiction. Any
names, persons, events, or locales either are a product of the
author's mind or are used fictitiously. This work describes
future events; note that such descriptions are used in a
fictitious manner and are not meant as a prediction of actual
future occurrences.</small></p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem"><small
style="font-family: 'League Gothic', sans-serif; font-size:
.8rem; font-style: italic">© 2013 <ins>[[ author name ]]</ins>. All rights
reserved.</small></p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem"><small>BJMNS
: 1.1.N.1</small></p>

</section>

<section style="padding: 1rem 0; text-align: justify">

<h2 style="font-family: 'League Gothic', serif; font-size:
2rem; border-bottom: .02rem black solid; counter-increment:
chapter; content: counter(chapter, upper-roman) ' – '">[Chapter
One]</h2>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem">Who was
Tally Magiczl? For the most part, just your average kid: Dark
brown hair, greenish eyes, about 5'10" and 150 pounds. Eighteen
years of age, and nearing graduation. Even the unusual things
were pretty normal: A small scar on his face from when he was a
kid, a pearl necklace worn under his shirt, a fondness for
printed shirts that have gone out of fashion. To everyone
around him, he was just another senior preparing to enter the
<q>real world</q>, studying for the Final Exams, dreaming about
university. But Tally had a secret.</p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem">Tally was a
scientist.</p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem"><q>A
scientist?</q> one might say. <q>What good was a
<em>scientist</em>?</q> Ever since the discovery of magic (or,
some claimed, the re-discovery) two centuries ago, there had
been no need for <em>sciences</em>. Every need was satisfied
with a swish and a flick, and the funding for subjects of the
scientific sort dried up long ago. <q>Knowledge for knowledge's
sake</q> was all fine and dandy, but someone has to pay the
bills. When a rock could be turned into a strawberry with a the
right words, what need was there for artificial flavors? Want a
computer? Draw a keyboard on a piece of paper and the rest grew
from there. There was no need to do the work oneself when the
universe is so eager to please.</p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem">But here we
have him: Tally Magiczl, scientist, working in the basement of
his house, combining the elements in every which way, eyes
glued to an old textbook that he had pulled from the
twenty-first century. His parents were at work, else he would
be in his room studying: They didn't approve of his hobby.
<q>You should be studying for the Exams,</q> they would say if
they caught him. <q>Quit filling your mind with inconsequential
muck.</q> But the fact of the matter was that Tally didn't give
a shit about the Final Exams, because he wasn't a wizard.</p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem">Tally was a
scientist.</p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem">There were
three degrees available to the aspiring magician, each
requiring progressively more schooling and mastery of the art.
In ascending order, they were: Beginner's, Intermediate's, and
Wizard's. The wizards were the ones who designed the spells
that made the world turn (not quite literally), and they held
the highest respect of the public. There were other fields as
well, with the more traditional bachelor's, master's, and
doctoral levels, in English and the like. But Tally cared for
none of that: Nature didn't speak English.</p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem">The fact of
the matter was that there was a lot about magic that didn't
make sense. Tally wasn't the first to notice this; before their
funding dried up, the physicists of old were equally mystified.
But the higher-ups decided that they rather preferred not
knowing, and that was that. Science ceased to be profitable,
and scientists learned to ignore the mysteries. Many became
successful wizards: the two arts weren't entirely
non-exclusive. But Tally couldn't ignore the questions, he
wanted answers, and he know only one way to get them:
Experiment, and see what works.</p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem">It was
strange, he thought, that no one cared why magic worked. It was
the foundation of modern society; it was the solution to
disease, poverty, war; and people didn't care how or why it
existed. Well, he cared.</p>

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem">Tally was a
scientist.</p>

<hr style="margin: .8rem 0; background: none; border: none" />

<p style="margin: .3rem 0 0; text-indent: 1.25rem"></p>

</section>

</article>
