<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
	<title>Guide to Fediverse Drama</title>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,intial-scale=1"/>
	<style>
html {
	Color: #1F1A14; /* Basically just black */
	Background: #FAF8F7; /* Basically just white */
}
body {
	Margin: 0 Auto;
	Padding: 8PX; /* Default margins around `body` in Firefox */
	Max-Width: 640PX;
}
*:Link,
*:Visited { Color: #4B2DF7 }
*:Link:Active,
*:Visited:Active { Color: #B01C1C }
aside {
	Position: Relative;
	Margin: 1.5EM 2EM 1.5EM -1EM;
	Border: 3PX #B01C1C Solid;
	Padding: 0 1EM;
	Text-Align: Justify;
	Hyphens: Auto;
	Z-Index: 0;
}
aside::BEFORE {
	Display: Block;
	Position: Absolute;
	Top: Calc(-.5EM - 3PX);
	Bottom: Calc(-.5EM - 3PX);
	Left: Calc(-2EM - 3PX);
	Right: Calc(-2EM - 3PX);
	Background: #F56E973F;
	Z-Index: -1;
	Content: "";
}
b {
	Display: Inline-Block;
	Margin: Calc(-.25EM - 3PX) -3PX Calc(-.1EM - 3PX);
	Border: 3PX Double;
	Border-Radius: Calc(50% * 1.1294) 50%;
	Padding: .25EM .175EM .1EM;
	Min-Width: 1EM;
	Line-Height: 1;
	Font-Variant-Numeric: Tabular-Nums Lining-Nums;
	Text-Align: Center;
}
cite:Not(.BIG) { Font-Style: Inherit }
cite:Not(.BIG)::BEFORE { Content: "« " }
cite:Not(.BIG)::AFTER { Content: " »" }
dt cite {
	Display: Inline-Block;
	Position: Relative;
	Box-Sizing: Border-Box;
	Padding: 0 1.5EM;
	Max-Width: 100%;
	Text-Decoration: Inherit;
}
dt cite::BEFORE,
dt cite::AFTER {
	Display: Block;
	Position: Absolute;
	Top: 0;
	Bottom: 0;
	Margin: Auto;
	Width: 1EM;
	Height: 1EM;
	Font-Size: 1.5EM;
	Font-Weight: Normal;
	Line-Height: 1;
	Opacity: .8;
}
dt cite::BEFORE {
	Left: 0;
	Text-Align: Right;
}
dt cite::AFTER {
	Right: 0;
	Text-Align: Left;
}
dt {
	Position: Relative;
	Padding-Bottom: 1EM;
	Font-Style: Inherit;
	Font-Weight: Bold;
}
dt a[href]::AFTER {
	Display: Block;
	Position: Absolute;
	Left: 1.25EM;
	Right: 0;
	Bottom: 0;
	Overflow: Hidden;
	Color: #302F2B;
	Font-Size: .8EM;
	Font-Weight: Normal;
	Line-Height: 1.25;
	White-Space: NoWrap;
	Text-Decoration: Dashed Underline;
	Text-Overflow: Ellipsis;
	Content: Attr(href);
}
dt small { Font-Weight: Normal }
dd { Margin: 1EM 0 0 3EM }
u {
	Font-Weight: Bold;
	Text-Decoration: None;
}
	</style>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Guide to Fediverse Drama</h1>
	<p><u>t</u>his page is an overview of everything i have ever written about the OStatus/ActivityPub fediverse, by date. <u>d</u>ue to the nature of time, many of these pieces will now be outdated.</p>
	<p><u>t</u>his is not actually a comprehensive guide to fediverse journalism and should not be taken as such.</p>
	<dl>
		<dt><a href="https://gist.github.com/marrus-sh/384365b448af037661c9e6e28a2d64d6"><cite>Thoughts on the Future of the Mastodon Ecosystem</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2017-04-02">02 April 2017</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>e</u>arly thoughts on the long­‑term sustainability of the Mastodon project, in particular looking at specific features needed for supporting certain kinds of community, and different means of acquiring revenue for the project at­‑large.</p>
		</dd>
		<dt><a href="https://medium.com/@alliethehart/gameingers-are-dead-and-so-is-mastodon-705b535ed616"><cite>Mourning Mastodon :<br/>Realizing the death which preceded the Universe</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2017-04-22">22 April 2017</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>t</u>he article that put me on the map regarding fedi drama. <u>a</u> critique of upstream Mastodonʼs development practices, at a time when upstream was still the sole progenitor of Mastodon software. <u>t</u>he historical aspects of this critique are still valid, but the conversation has shifted somewhat since the popularization of fringe Mastodev.</p>
		</dd>
		<dt><a href="https://medium.com/@alliethehart/mourning-what-now-10964cce22a8"><cite>Mourning What Now ?!?! :<br/>A response to “ Mourning Mastodon,” by the author</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2017-04-23">23 April 2017</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>s</u>ome clarifications and meta­‑commentary on <cite>Mourning Mastodon</cite>, responding to how the original was received.</p>
		</dd>
		<dt><a href="http://marrus.xyz/ledger/mastodon/mastodon-wishlist-020170617.html"><cite>Mastodon Wishlist ( 1/? )</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2017-06-17">06 June 2017</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>a</u> list of features for Mastodon that i was hopeful might be implemented.</p>
		</dd>
		<dt><a href="http://marrus.xyz/ledger/mastodon/mastodon-custom-emoji-020170712.html"><cite>Custom Emoji for Mastodon</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2017-07-12">12 July 2017</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>a</u> proposal for Mastodon custom emoji using Unicode characters and ZWJ sequences—this is <em>not</em> the approach upstream Mastodon decided to use.</p>
		</dd>
		<dt><a href="http://marrus.xyz/ledger/mastodon/introducing-mastodon-go-020171031.html"><cite>Introducing : Mastodon GO!</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2017-10-31">31 October 2017</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>a</u>n introduction to a custom Mastodon frontend that i worked on developing as a part of the GlitchSoc fork of Mastodon. <u>i</u>t includes a brief history of my attempts at Mastodon frontend development, and some analysis of what i believe to be effective frontend design.</p>
			<p>( <u>t</u>his frontend was never finished ; i left GlitchSoc development before i could bring it to a state of completion. )</p>
			<aside>
				<p><u>t</u>he huge gap in writings between this and the next post are for two reasons :— <span style="White-Space: NoWrap"><b>1.</b> </span><u>f</u>rom October until the end of the year, i was busy at work building and designing things for GlitchSoc ; and <span style="White-Space: NoWrap"><b>2.</b> </span><u>t</u>he vast majority of my time <em>after</em> the new year was spent either on (inter)personal affairs or exploring non­‑Mastodon RDF approaches to federated content. <u>i</u> also made <a href="https://www.cybremonday.deals/2018/">a zine</a>.</p>
			</aside>
		</dd>
		<dt><a href="https://go.kibi.family/Sep/2018/fringe-beginnings.xhtml"><cite>Fringe Mastodev<br/>Part I : The Beginnings</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2018-09-09">09 September 2018</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>a</u> re­‑analysis of the period of time leading up to the original <cite>Mourning Mastodon</cite> piece, describing my early attempts at forking the Mastodon software.</p>
		</dd>
		<dt><a href="https://go.kibi.family/Sep/2018/fringe-allie.xhtml"><cite>Fringe Mastodev<br/>Part II : Enter Allie Hart</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2018-09-16">16 September 2018</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>a</u> continuätion of the narrative in <cite>Fringe Mastodev – Part I</cite>, describing the publishing of <cite>Mourning Mastodon</cite> and further frontend work.</p>
		</dd>
		<dt><a href="https://go.kibi.family/Oct/2018/fringe-glitch.xhtml"><cite>Fringe Mastodev<br/>Part III : Joining GlitchSoc</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2018-10-01">01 October 2018</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>a</u> history of the founding and early development work on the GlitchSoc fork of Mastodon, of which i was an early contributor.</p>
		</dd>
		<dt><a href="https://go.kibi.family/Nov/2018/fringe-intermission.xhtml"><cite>Fringe Mastodev<br/>Part IV : Intermission</cite></a> <small>[ <time datetime="2018-11-06">06 November 2018</time> ]</small></dt>
		<dd>
			<p><u>a</u> personal and critical analysis of fediverse culture and its treatment of caretakers, drawing on trends which i noticed and experienced throughout the time that i developed for the software. <u>t</u>his was intended only as an intermission in the <cite class="BIG">Fringe Mastodev</cite> series, but after people started dogpiling my friends for sharing it ( jeez ! ), i stopped writing about Mastodon altogether ( for some time, at least ).</p>
		</dd>
	</dl>
</body>
</html>