<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<title>KIBI Gô</title>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<meta name="referrer" content="no-referrer"/>
	<style>
html {
	Color: #302F2B;
	Background: #FAF8F7;
}
body {
	Margin: Auto;
	Padding-Block-Start: 0;
	Padding-Block-End: 7.5EM;
	Padding-Inline-Start: 2EM;
	Padding-Inline-End: 2EM;
	Max-Inline-Size: 31EM;
}
h1 {
	Margin-Block-Start: .5EM;
	Margin-Block-End: .5EM;
	Border: Thin Solid;
	Font-Size: 3EM;
	Font-Style: Italic;
	Line-Height: 1.5;
	Text-Align: Center;
	Text-Transform: Uppercase;
}
h2 {
	Margin-Block-Start: 1EM;
	Margin-Block-End: 1EM;
	Margin-Inline-Start: -1EM;
	Border-Block-End: Thin Solid;
	Font-Size: 2EM;
	Font-Weight: Inherit;
	Font-Variant-Caps: Small-Caps;
}
h2::AFTER { Content: " :" }
dt {
	Margin-Block-Start: .5EM;
	Margin-Block-End: .5EM;
	Font-Size: 1.2REM;
	Font-Style: Italic;
	Font-Weight: Bold;
	Font-Variant-Caps: Small-Caps;
	Letter-Spacing: .1EM;
	Text-Decoration: Underline;
}
dd {
	Margin-Block-Start: .75EM;
	Margin-Block-End: .75EM;
	Margin-Inline-Start: 6CH;
	Margin-Inline-End: 4CH;
	Font-Size: .8REM;
	Font-Family: Monospace;
	Text-Indent: -2CH;
}
p {
	Margin-Block-Start: .75EM;
	Margin-Block-End: .75EM;
	Margin-Inline-Start: 2CH;
	Font-Size: .8REM;
	Font-Family: Monospace;
}
@supports (Margin-Inline-Start: 2CH) {
	p { Text-Indent: -2CH }
}
p>*,
dd>* { Text-Indent: 0 }
cite.A::BEFORE { Content: "« " }
cite.A::AFTER { Content: " »" }
*:Any-Link { Color: #4B2DF7 }
*:Any-Link:Active { Color: #B01C1C }
	</style>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Current</h1>
	<section id="writing">
		<h2>Writing</h2>
		<p>Journal entry, fiction. Codename : <cite class="A">4∅</cite>.</p>
	</section>
	<section id="listening">
		<h2>Listening To</h2>
		<p>Common Market. <cite class="M">Triple Crown</cite>. 2019.</p>
		<p>Of Monsters and Men. <cite class="M">FEVER DREAM</cite>. SKRIMSL ehf, 2019.</p>
		<p>Yosi Horikawa. <cite class="M">Spaces</cite>. Borrowed Scenery, 2019.</p>
		<p>serpentwithfeet. <cite class="M">Soil</cite>. Secretly Canadian, 2019.</p>
	</section>
	<section id="reading">
		<h2>Now Reading</h2>
		<dl>
			<dt>Fiction</dt>
			<dd>Muriel Barbery. <cite class="M">The Elegance of the Hedgehog</cite>. Translated by Alison Anderson. New York : Europa Editions, 2008.</dd>
			<dt>Nonfiction</dt>
			<dd>José Esteban Muñoz. <cite class="M">Disidentifications : Queers of Color and the Performance of Politics</cite>. Minneapolis : University of Minnesota Press, 1999.</dd>
			<dt>Manga</dt>
			<dd>Robico. <cite class="M">My Little Monster</cite>. New York : Kodansha Comics, 2014–2016.</dd>
			<dt>Classics</dt>
			<dd>Cao Xueqin. <cite class="M">The Story of the Stone</cite>. Translated by David Hawkes. London : Penguin Books, 1973.</dd>
			<dd>Luo Guanzhong. <cite class="M">Three Kingdoms</cite>. Translated by Moss Roberts. Berkeley / Beijing : University of California Press / Foreign Languages Press, 2004.</dd>
			<dt>For the Library</dt>
			<dd>Seridan le Fanu. <cite class="M">Carmilla</cite>. In <cite class="S">The Dark Blue</cite>, edited by John C. Freund, volumes II–III. London : British &amp; Colonial Publishing Company, 1871–1872.</dd>
		</dl>
	</section>
	<!--<section id="watching">
		<h2>Watching</h2>
		<p>Steve Blackman and Jeremy Slater. <cite>The Umbrella Academy</cite>. Netflix, 2019.</p>
	</section>-->
	<section id="playing">
		<h2>Playing</h2>
		<p>Intelligent Systems. <cite>Fire Emblem : Three Houses</cite>. Nintendo Switch, 2019.</p>
		<p>Intelligent Systems. <cite>Fire Emblem Echoes : Shadows of Valentia</cite>. Nintendo 3DS, 2017.</p>
		<p>Jupiter Corporation. <cite>My Nintendo Picross : The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess</cite>. Nintendo 3DS, 2016.</p>
	</section>
	<section id="drinking">
		<h2>Drinking</h2>
		<p>Tea.</p>
	</section>
</body>
</html>
