<article xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" style="padding:
1in 1.25in; width: 6in; font: normal 12pt / 1 sans-serif;
text-align: left; text-align-last: auto; text-indent: .5in">

<header style="margin: 0 0 36pt; text-align: right;
text-indent: 0"><ins>[[ author name ]]</ins><br /><time
datetime="2005-03-03">March 3, 2005</time></header>

<h1 style="margin: 0 0 24pt; font: inherit; text-align: center;
text-indent: 0">Exasperated Wolf<br /><sup style="font:
inherit">and</sup> <sub style="font:
inherit">the</sub> <br />Boy who cried <q>Wolf</q></h1>

<p style="margin: 0">Exasperated Wolf hid in the cavity of a tree
where it had rotted away.  Birds had lived there, but they
had migrated away to another area.  He saw some sheep.
Sheep are not poisonous, but are edible.  They are also
nourishing and good for you.  He went to a remote and not
occupied foundation (base) of a house.  Nearby, a boy kept
yelling, <q>Wolf</q>, and a group of people would come, and
when they saw there was no wolf, they began to have seemingly
endless inquiries, like <q>Why did you cry wolf?</q> 
<q>You were joking, weren’t you?</q> <q>Why were you
joking?</q> until no one could remember what the initial
question was.  Still, they persevered and didn’t stop
until they got the full story out of him. They had so much
persistence that no one could make them change their
mind.  Exasperated Wolf’s visibility was flawless and
prefect, so he could see the whole thing.  Exasperated
Wolf used his ingenuity to come up with a plan.  Since the
boy was dependent and relied on others, once they were
discouraged and wouldn’t come, he could make his move.  He
would kill a sheep and make it into a life like, realistic
costume by installing a zipper.  It might look rugged,
course, or even like a three dimensional cartoon, but it would
have to do.  Just as singing lilting music might be a
legacy passed from bird to bird, or that a good pianist makes
melodious music, wolves always eat sheep.  The more sheep
you eat, the more tributes you get.  The sheep Exasperated
Wolf caught would have to not be miniature, but quite
large.  <q>This will be an important milestone in
history,</q> He thought.  <q>The costume will be
ornamental and decorative. The presentation I will make will be
the best show ever!  If some one forges (makes) me a
medal, I hope it is portable and moveable.  I bet I will
get a lot of recognition.</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">While he was thinking this, the boy
grabbed a pitchfork and sneaked up behind him.  Then he
scared Exasperated Wolf away.</p>

<footer style="margin: 12pt 0 0; text-align: center;
text-indent: 0">

<p style="margin: 0">If you’re wondering why the story says<br
/>that the wolf killed some sheep, find<br />out in:</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><br />Mystified Tiger<br /><sup
style="font: inherit">and</sup> <sub style="font:
inherit">the</sub><br />Dog Who Cried<br /><q>Woof</q></p>

</footer>

</article>
