{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww9200\viewh8700\viewkind1\viewscale100
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qr

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [[\uc0\u8239 author name\u8239 ]]\
March 3, 2005\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0 Exasperated Wolf\
\super and\nosupersub  \sub the\nosupersub  \
Boy who cried \'d2Wolf\'d3\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Exasperated Wolf hid in the cavity of a tree where it had rotted away.  Birds had lived there, but they had migrated away to another area.  He saw some sheep. Sheep are not poisonous, but are edible.  They are also nourishing and good for you.  He went to a remote and not occupied foundation (base) of a house.  Nearby, a boy kept yelling, \'d2Wolf\'d3, and a group of people would come, and when they saw there was no wolf, they began to have seemingly endless inquiries, like \'d2Why did you cry wolf?\'d3  \'d2You were joking, weren\'d5t you?\'d3 \'d2Why were you joking?\'d3 until no one could remember what the initial question was.  Still, they persevered and didn\'d5t stop until they got the full story out of him. They had so much persistence that no one could make them change their mind.  Exasperated Wolf\'d5s visibility was flawless and prefect, so he could see the whole thing.  Exasperated Wolf used his ingenuity to come up with a plan.  Since the boy was dependent and relied on others, once they were discouraged and wouldn\'d5t come, he could make his move.  He would kill a sheep and make it into a life like, realistic costume by installing a zipper.  It might look rugged, course, or even like a three dimensional cartoon, but it would have to do.  Just as singing lilting music might be a legacy passed from bird to bird, or that a good pianist makes melodious music, wolves always eat sheep.  The more sheep you eat, the more tributes you get.  The sheep Exasperated Wolf caught would have to not be miniature, but quite large.  \'d2This will be an important milestone in history,\'d3 He thought.  \'d2The costume will be ornamental and decorative. The presentation I will make will be the best show ever!  If some one forges (makes) me a medal, I hope it is portable and moveable.  I bet I will get a lot of recognition.\'d3\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	While he was thinking this, the boy grabbed a pitchfork and sneaked up behind him.  Then he scared Exasperated Wolf away. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qc
\cf0 If you\'d5re wondering why the story says\uc0\u8232 that the wolf killed some sheep, find\u8232 out in:\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0 Mystified Tiger\uc0\u8232 \super and \sub the\nosupersub \
Dog Who Cried\
\'d2Woof\'d3\
}
