<article xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><header style="text-align: right; text-align-last: auto"><ins>[[ author name ]]</ins><br /><time datetime="2003-03-05">March 5, 2003</time><br />Final Draft</header><h1>Tally Marries Dimond</h1><p><q>Yo!</q></p><p>I remember saying that to Tally Magiczl. I am <ins>[[ author name ]]</ins> (but everyone calls me <ins>[[ author nick ]]</ins>). I am 70 years old. I live in Cody, Wyoming.</p><hr /><p>Thirty years ago, when I was living in Seattle, Washington, Tally told me he was going to ask Dimond Alexandrite to marry him.</p><p>Let me tell you about Tally. He was 38 years old. He had brown hair and blue eyes. He had a scar on his forehead. It looks like this: <b>ZL</b>, with the L slanted and the two letters attached.</p><p>Dimond had emerald green eyes and brown hair. She was 37 and had known Tally for most of her life. Her parents traveled a lot and often had her stay with Tally and his parents when she was a child. (I'll bet Tally liked that!)</p><p>I have known Tally and Dimond since I was six. I really wasn't too surprised when Tally told me his news.</p><hr /><p>Back then we were living in Seattle. I went over to Harry Zell's house. (Harry is another friend.) It was a beautiful spring day. The sun was shining which felt warm on my back, and the birds were singing. Tally, Harry, and I were busy building a fence, so Harry's new puppy, Max, wouldn't run away. The puppy was a purebred yellow Labrador. Tally began telling us his plans to marry Dimond when we saw Patrick Ether (who everyone calls Pot Ether, since he loves to cook) walking toward us.</p><p><q>Hey guys what are you up to?</q> asked Pot.</p><p><q>We are helping Harry build a fence, so that Max won't get out. Do you want to help?</q> Tally asked.</p><p><q>Guess what, Tally is going to ask Dimond to marry him!</q> I exclaimed.</p><p><q>How are you going to get Dimond to marry you?</q> Pot questioned Tally.</p><p><q>I don't know,</q> responded Tally.</p><p><q>Do you have any ideas?</q> I asked Harry.</p><p><q>How about diamonds, rings, and chocolate castles?</q> he suggested.</p><p><q>Also you can get her some books,</q> I added. <q>Dimond loves books.</q></p><p><q>Great ideas guys</q>, Tally said. <q>I'll go home to think about it. See ya later!</q></p><p>It was getting late and the fence was done, so we all (except for Tally that is) went to <ins>[[ pizza parlour in author's hometown ]]</ins> and had a pepperoni pizza, which tasted great!</p><hr /><p>After a few days Tally came over to visit and tell me what he was going to do.</p><p><q>I'm going to give Dimond a book. When she opens the book an Alexandrite ring will fall out. The book will have chocolate pages that she can eat.</q> Tally explained to me.</p><p><q>Good idea and good luck,</q> I told him.</p><hr /><p>Two days later when Pot and I were over at Harry's playing with Max, Tally came by. He said he gave Dimond the book and asks her to marry him.</p><p>He had also said <q>Dimond was going to ask me to marry her if I didn't hurry up and ask her first. We have been planning the wedding and we want you guys to be a part of it.</q></p><hr /><p>Today, I am off to the 30-year anniversary party for Tally and Dimond. Tally learned that he could count on his friends to help him with his problems and today we are throwing him and Dimond a surprise anniversary party. I hope they enjoy the surprise. I can't wait to eat the cake. It smells delicious!</p></article>
