{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Junicode;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr

\f0\fs26 \cf0 [[\uc0\u8239 author name\u8239 ]]\
March 5, 2003\
Final Draft\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 Tally Marries Dimond\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	\'93Yo!\'94\
	I remember saying that to Tally Magiczl. I am [[\uc0\u8239 author name\u8239 ]] (but everyone calls me [[\uc0\u8239 author nick\u8239 ]]). I am 70 years old. I live in Cody, Wyoming.\
\
	Thirty years ago, when I was living in Seattle, Washington, Tally told me he was going to ask Dimond Alexandrite to marry him.\
	Let me tell you about Tally. He was 38 years old. He had brown hair and blue eyes. He had a scar on his forehead. It looks like this:
\b ZL
\b0 , with the L slanted and the two letters attached.\
	Dimond had emerald green eyes and brown hair. She was 37 and had known Tally for most of her life. Her parents traveled a lot and often had her stay with Tally and his parents when she was a child. (I'll bet Tally liked that!)\
	I have known Tally and Dimond since I was six. I really wasn't too surprised when Tally told me his news.\
\
	Back then we were living in Seattle. I went over to Harry Zell's house. (Harry is another friend.) It was a beautiful spring day. The sun was shining which felt warm on my back, and the birds were singing. Tally, Harry, and I were busy building a fence, so Harry's new puppy, Max, wouldn't run away. The puppy was a purebred yellow Labrador. Tally began telling us his plans to marry Dimond when we saw Patrick Ether (who everyone calls Pot Ether, since he loves to cook) walking toward us.\
	\'93Hey guys what are you up to?\'94 asked Pot.\
	\'93We are helping Harry build a fence, so that Max won't get out. Do you want to help?\'94 Tally asked.\
	\'93Guess what, Tally is going to ask Dimond to marry him!\'94 I exclaimed.\
	\'93How are you going to get Dimond to marry you?\'94 Pot questioned Tally.\
	\'93I don't know,\'94 responded Tally.\
	\'93Do you have any ideas?\'94 I asked Harry.\
	\'93How about diamonds, rings, and chocolate castles?\'94 he suggested.\
	\'93Also you can get her some books,\'94 I added. \'93Dimond loves books.\'94\
	\'93Great ideas guys\'94, Tally said. \'93I'll go home to think about it. See ya later!\'94\
	It was getting late and the fence was done, so we all (except for Tally that is) went to [[\uc0\u8239 pizza parlour in author's hometown\u8239 ]] and had a pepperoni pizza, which tasted great!\
\
	After a few days Tally came over to visit and tell me what he was going to do.\
	\'93I'm going to give Dimond a book. When she opens the book an Alexandrite ring will fall out. The book will have chocolate pages that she can eat.\'94 Tally explained to me.\
	\'93Good idea and good luck,\'94 I told him.\
\
	Two days later when Pot and I were over at Harry's playing with Max, Tally came by. He said he gave Dimond the book and asks her to marry him.\
	He had also said \'93Dimond was going to ask me to marry her if I didn't hurry up and ask her first. We have been planning the wedding and we want you guys to be a part of it.\'94\
\
	Today, I am off to the 30-year anniversary party for Tally and Dimond. Tally learned that he could count on his friends to help him with his problems and today we are throwing him and Dimond a surprise anniversary party. I hope they enjoy the surprise. I can't wait to eat the cake. It smells delicious!}