<article xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" style="padding:
1in 1.25in; width: 6in; font: bold 18pt / 21pt sans-serif;
text-align: left; text-align-last: auto; text-indent: .5in;
quotes: '“' '”' '‘' '’'">

<header style="margin: 0 0 0 3.5in; font: italic 12pt / 21pt
Helvetica, sans-serif; text-indent: 0">

<ins>[[ author name ]]</ins><br />
<time datetime="2003-09-29">9/29/03</time><br />
Tally Magiczl

</header>

<section style="font: italic 18pt / 21pt Helvetica,
sans-serif">

<h2 style="margin: 0 0 21pt 2in; font-size: 22pt;
text-transform: uppercase">Prologue</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">This is a story about the future, year
6060,where human existence is dieing off, and the average state
population is 1,000,000. Everyone is smart. People took tests,
and were chosen, because they had the best grades. They were
chosen to be wizards.&#xA0; Every year from then on kids were
chosen to be wizards by their test scores. Very few were chosen
from non-wizard families, but this is a story about one of
those very “special” kids…………………………….</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 42pt 0 21pt 2.5in; font: inherit;"><span
style="white-space: pre">  I</span><br />Chapter
one</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">You must understand the definition of
wizard in this tale. A wizard is a super-smart human. You can
do anything when you’re a wizard. Tally is not one of those at
the beginning of the story, but will eventually become like
that.&#xA0; Tally has coffee dark brown - hair, emerald green
eyes, a scar, and always wears a necklace with a pearl white
stone on it.&#xA0; To the story.</p>

<hr style="margin: 0; border: none; height: 21pt; background: transparent" />

<p style="margin: 0; text-indent: 1in"><q>Owww!</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally jumped up and down holding his foot.
He had stubbed his toe on his green stone science table. He
kicked the table over and jumped some more. Then he noticed
none of his pink and white pok-a-dotted purple metal vial’s had
moved off the table in which he had kicked over, and none of
the potions in those vial’s had spilled out.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>It worked!</q> yelled Tally.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">He moved forward. <q>Owwwwwwww!!!</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally's foot filled with pain.<br />Tally
had been working on a potion that made things stick. He had
applied some on and in his vials and to see it work filled him
with joy.&#xA0; He was glad none of his 162 potions were
ruined.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q> Time for school,</q> his mother
yelled.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q style="quotes: '“' '“' '‘' '‘'"> Just a
little longer, </q> said Tally.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>I’m going my way.</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally’s way was underground
transportation. You would think Tally would get straight A’s,
because of his creations, but he could barely make straight
C’s.&#xA0; He flunked twice. he wanted to get a wizard’s degree
in potion making, but he knew he couldn’t do it.&#xA0; He could
probably get a beginner's degree (the worse degree), but that
was it. He was like this for a long time, until high school,
where the next chapter takes place, but this isn’t the next
chapter this is Chapter 1, so the green eyed, brown haired boy
named Tally went to school. It was grade day, so the day hardly
had a minute of school in it. The teacher handed grades out and
said <q style="quotes: '”' '”' '’' '’'">You may go now</q> and
school was out.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">After he was dismissed Tally went
home.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q> Mom, I passed</q> Tally said.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Very good</q> said his mom.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Then Tally went to work on his potions.
That’s how the day passed.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 42pt 0 21pt 2.5in; font: inherit"><span
style="white-space: pre">II  </span><br
/>The Next Chapter</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally is ready for his test. This test is
the test on the last full day of the last year in high school.
He had all day, but only one day. The tests were passed out.
All of the sudden<br />Tally had an idea. He pretended these
were problems he had to do in order to make a recipe for a
potion. He zipped through the test, handed it in and went home.
He couldn’t wait until tomorrow. Then he would get his grades
and see if (which he doubted) he was a wizard. The next day,
grade day, he didn't receive a paper. He was not excused,<br
/>so he sat in his seat. After everyone else left the teacher
privately gave him his letter. It read:</p>

<blockquote style="margin: 0 0 33pt .5in; font: normal 12pt /
33pt Zapfino, cursive; text-indent: 0">

<p style="margin: 0">Tally,</p>

<p style="margin: 0; text-indent: 1in">You have passed the
test, so other grades do not matter. Congratulations
Wizard.</p>

<p style="margin: 33pt 0 0">Signed,<br /><span
style="margin-left: 3.5in">Mike</span></p>

</blockquote>

<p style="margin: 0"><q> Mom I’m a wizard, and Mike signed the
note himself!</q> exclaimed Tally.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>That is great son,</q> said his
mom.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally sighed. Moms were not the type of
people to tell good news to.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">The next day Tally received a note telling
him where to go for school.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Once he reprogrammed the computer of his
U.T.V. (underground transportation vehicle) with the directions
to the new school, he wondered what to do next. He got an idea.
First he left a note on his mom’s desk, and then he got in his
U.T.V. Tally smiled. It was time to have tons of fun. It was
time for a sneak peak at school.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 42pt 0 21pt 1.5in; text-indent: 1.5in; font:
inherit">III<br />A sneak peak at school<br /><span
style="margin-left: -1in">(otherwise known as the super short
chapter)</span></h2>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally pressed a newly installed button
that was marked W. He was soon at his new school. It looked
like three mountains. He was just about to enter when he heard
<q>Stop</q>.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">He turned around and saw someone dressed
in black standing behind him.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Let’s talk this over in the SSS</q>,
said the guy in black.<br /><q>Follow me</q>.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 42pt 0 21pt 2in; font: inherit">IV<br
/><span style="white-space: pre">   The SSS</span></h2>

<p style="margin: 0">At the SSS they went to the New Food Store
(NFS). <q>From now on you will be spending all your free time
putting C.B. dates on our liqui-food. Now is the perfect time
to start.</q> There was one other person there doing the same
job.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>How’d you get yourself in trouble</q>.
Asked the other boy.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Tried to get a sneak peek at
school</q>, Tally answered. <q> How ‘bout you?</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Accidentally made a potion that made
things yell insults</q> the other boy responded.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>What potion was it?</q> Tally
asked.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Slime Repellent</q>, the other boy
replied.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q style="quotes: '“' '“' '‘' '‘'">You put
in too much sugar cane</q>, Tally responded. <q>By the way the
name is Tally. Tally Magiczl.</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Name’s Patrick, but everyone calls me
Pot, because I like to cook</q> said the other boy.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">From then until Tally’s duty day (really
his double duty day) Tally put C.B. dates on the liqui-food
containers. No matter what happened Tally dreaded his
double-duty day.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 42pt 0 21pt 2.5in; text-indent: 1in; font:
inherit">V<br />The double duty Day<br />(The shortest
chapter)</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">On his first duty day (also known as the
first day of school) Tally went straight to the headmaster's
office. The headmaster was the same person as the guy dressed
in black in a sneak peek at school and the SSS. The headmaster
sat waiting for Tally. <q>You will be making liqui-food</q> he
told Tally.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 42pt 0 21pt 2.5in; text-indent: 1in; font:
inherit">VI<br />His Double duty month<br />(the longest
chapter)</h2>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>You shall have all other duties removed
and, for the rest of the month you shall do your duty</q>, said
the headmaster. <q>Now go</q>.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally left and immediately went to the SSS
where he began to work. Pot was there too, although he was in
the testing factory. Tally gave the liqui-food to Pot who put
it in a sea serpent stew and if the stew turned yellow it
worked. Then Pot gave it to Code, who was in the separating
area, who separated the stew and the liqui-food. Next Code
passed it to Jordan who packaged it.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">One day Tally accidentally knocked over
his shelf of ingredients and all except one thing fell in the
potion. Tally read the remaining bottle’s label. It read:&#xA0;
<span style="font-family: 'Arial Black',
monospace">Transforming vial one</span>.&#xA0; The top read:
<span style="font-family: 'Apple Chancery', fantasy;
font-weight: normal">Clear sense, strength and sense adding
juice.&#xA0; Use in emergencies only.&#xA0; Dyes
Yellow.</span></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally gulped, but passed the container of
liqui-food to Pot. Pot poured in the liqui-food in to the stew.
<q style="quotes: '“' '’' '‘' '”'">Hey, Tally, have any yellow
food coloring?</q> asked Pot.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">This is an emergency thought Tally as he
passed over the container and lied. <q>It was
mislabeled</q>.&#xA0;&#xA0; Pot poured in the juice. <q
style="quotes: '“' '“' '‘' '‘'">Thanks, </q> he said. Pot
passed the stew to Code.&#xA0;<br />Code asks Pot <q>do you
have any green dye?</q><br />Pot reached for the green dye but
grabbed slime. He passed the slime to Code. Code poured in the
slime and separated the two foods. He passed both foods to
Jordan. Jordan packaged them.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">What no one knew was this chain of
mistakes caused a sea serpent in the stew to mutate and grow
three heads. It also had super-strong senses plus a sixth
sense. The only thing stopping it was the fact that it was
dead.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Hey do you have any tape?</q> asked
Jordan.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Yea</q>, said Code.<br />Code passed
him some <q>Wakes the Dead</q> dripping tape. Jordan put it on.
The <q>Wakes the dead</q> formula dripped on the three headed
snake and <q>Woke the<br />Dead</q>!!!&#xA0; The stupid, slimy,
stinky, scaly, super-powered, silly sea serpent was alive.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 42pt 0 21pt 1.5in; text-indent: 1.5in; font:
inherit">VII<br /><br />The Stupid, Slimy, Stinky, Scaly,
Super-powered, Silly Sea Serpent was Alive</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">The box rumbled. Then it burst open and a
stupid, slimy, stinky, scaly, super-powered, silly, sea serpent
with three heads crawled out of the box. Tally gulped. He put
the sea serpent in the box and wrote on it:</p>

<p style="margin: 21pt 0 21pt 1.5in; text-indent: 0">

To:&#xA0; Jordan Mode<br />

9999 Shorecurve<br />

Wiscoming&#xA0; 100-900

</p>

<p style="margin: 0">He mailed it to Jordan, because he didn’t
like him. Tally got refills on liqui-food ingredients. He then
went home, and built a U.T.V.II tunnel that would take him to
Jordan’s house. He wanted to be there when Jordan got the
package.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally got into his U.T.V.II but
accidentally pressed SSS and went to the SSS.&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;
When he arrived he got out and the U.T.V.II doors permanently
sealed. He was inside the SSS. He tried to get out of the SSS,
but all the SSS’s doors were sealed. Tally sighed. It was time
for some serious potion making.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 42pt 0 21pt 2in; text-indent: 1.5in; font:
inherit">VIII<br />Some Serious Potion Making</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally, while in the kitchen, mixed O-Jell
with Rustifier and poured it on the doors of the SSS. The
Rustifier rusted the doors while the O-Jell took off the rust.
All that was destroyed was the door. Tally looked through the
doorway and saw the wood. Tally had forgotten all about the
emergency wood panel. But wait, it was an emergency panel. That
means there must be something inside the building.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q> Hissssssssssssssssss…</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally turned around and saw the sea
serpent. Its hiss seemed to last forever. Tally ran, but the
sea serpent caught up with him. Then he remembered it was sense
strengthened.&#xA0; He knew what he had to do. He made tons of
noise. The snake terrified of the racket vibrating in his head
shrank back. Tally threw his pocketknife at the snake. The
snake tried to dodge it, but it hit him square in the
forehead.&#xA0; It fell down dead. Tally smiled. One down, zero
to go.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 0 0 21pt 2.5in; font: inherit">IX<br />The
End…?</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">People burst the wooden door seal open and
saw Tally, holding his pocketknife, and the sea serpent,
covered with blood, against the wall.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>What happened?</q> asked the other
people.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>I killed a stupid sea serpent,</q>
answered Tally.</p>

</section>

</article>
