<article xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" style="padding:
1in 1.25in; width: 6in; font: bold 18pt / 21pt sans-serif;
text-align: left; text-align-last: auto; text-indent: .5in;
quotes: '“' '”' '‘' '’'">

<header style="margin: 0 0 0 3.5in; font: italic 12pt / 21pt
Helvetica, sans-serif; text-indent: 0">

<ins>[[ author name ]]</ins><br />
<time datetime="2003-09-29">9/29/03</time>&#xA0; (Revised <time
datetime="2012-01-15">1/15/12</time>)<br />
Tally Magiczl

</header>

<section style="font: italic 18pt / 21pt Helvetica,
sans-serif">

<h2 style="margin: 21pt 0; font-size: 22pt; text-align: center;
text-indent: 0; text-transform: uppercase">Prologue</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">This story takes place in the future, year
6060, at a time when humans are struggling to survive.&#xA0;
All children are required to take tests, those that score
highly are chosen to become wizards.&#xA0; Most wizards come
from parents who are also wizards, but occasionally wizards
were chosen from non-wizard families.&#xA0; This is a story
about one of those very “special” kids…………………………….</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="font: inherit; text-align: center; text-indent:
0">I<br />Chapter one</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">In order to understand this tale, one must
first understand the meaning of the word “wizard”, as it is
used here. A wizard is a highly intelligent human. Wizards have
a great deal of power and privileges not granted to ordinary
citizens.&#xA0; The main character of this story, a young boy named
Tally, has coffee dark brown - hair, emerald green eyes, a
scar, and always wears a necklace with a pearl white stone on
it.&#xA0; But enough of that; to the story:&#xA0;</p>

<hr style="margin: 0; border: none; height: 21pt; background: transparent" />

<p style="margin: 0; text-indent: 1in"><q>Owww!</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally jumped up and down holding his foot.
He had stubbed his toe on his green stone science table. Angry,
he kicked the table over and jumped some more. He noticed that
none of his metal vials had moved off the table in which he had
kicked over, and none of the potions in those vials had spilled
out.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>It worked!</q> yelled Tally.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">He moved forward.&#xA0;
<q>Owwwwwwww!!!</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally’s foot filled with pain.&#xA0; He
had been working on a potion to made things stick
together.&#xA0; He had previously applied some on his vials,
and to see it work filled him with joy.&#xA0; He was glad that
none of his potions were ruined.&#xA0;&#xA0;</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q> Time for school,</q> his mother
yelled.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Just a little longer, </q> said
Tally.&#xA0; <q>I’m going my way.</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally’s way was underground
transportation. One might think that Tally would get straight
A’s, because of his creations, but he could barely make
straight C’s.&#xA0; He had flunked twice. He wanted to get a
wizard’s degree in potion making, but he knew he couldn’t do
it.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">At school, it was grade day, so the day
hardly had a minute of school in it. The teacher handed grades
out, said <q style="quotes: '”' '”' '’' '’'">You may go now</q>
and then school was out.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">After he was dismissed Tally went
home.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Mom, I passed</q> Tally said.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Very good</q> said his mom.</p>

<p style="margin: 0; text-align: center;">Then Tally went to work on his potions.
That’s how the day passed.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="font: inherit; text-align: center; text-indent:
0">II<br />The Next Chapter</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally was ready for his test.&#xA0; He had
all day to complete it, but only one day. The tests were passed
out, and Tally suddenly had an idea.&#xA0; He pretended the
questions were problems that he had to solve in order to make a
recipe for a potion. He zipped through the test, handed it in,
and went home. He couldn’t wait until tomorrow. Then he would
get his grades and see if (which he doubted) he was a wizard.
The next day, grade day, he didn’t receive a paper. He was not
excused from class, so he remained in his seat as everyone else
left.&#xA0; hen the room had emptied, the teacher privately
gave him his letter. It read:</p>

<blockquote style="margin: 0 0 0 .5in; font: normal 12pt /
33pt Zapfino, cursive; text-indent: 0">

<p style="margin: 0">Tally,</p>

<p style="margin: 0; text-indent: 1in">You have passed the
test, so other grades do not matter. Congratulations,
Wizard.</p>

<p style="margin: 0 0 0 3.5in">Signed,<br />Mike</p>

</blockquote>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Mom I’m a wizard, and Mike signed the
note himself!</q> Tally exclaimed upon arriving home.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>That’s great, son,</q> said his
mom.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally sighed.&#xA0; Moms were not the type
of people to tell good news to.&#xA0; The next day Tally
received a note telling him where to go for school.&#xA0; Once
he had reprogrammed the computer of his U.T.V. (underground
transportation vehicle) with the directions to the new school,
he was at a loss as to what to do next. He got an idea. First
he left a note on his mom’s desk, and then he got into his
U.T.V. Tally smiled. It was time to have fun. It was time for a
sneak peek at school.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="font: inherit; text-align: center; text-indent:
0">III<br />A sneak peak at school<br />(otherwise known as the
super short chapter)</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally pressed a newly installed button
that was marked W. He was soon at his new school, which had the
appearance of three mountains. He was just about to enter when
he heard someone speak.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Stop.</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">He turned around and saw someone dressed
in black standing behind him.&#xA0;</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Let’s talk this over in the SSS</q>,
said the man in black.&#xA0; <q>Follow me</q>.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="font: inherit; text-align: center; text-indent:
0">IV<br />The SSS</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">At the SSS they went to the New Food Store
(NFS). <q>From now on you will be spending all your free time
putting C.B. dates on our liqui-food. Now is the perfect time
to start.</q> the man said. There was one other person there,
doing the same job.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>How’d you get yourself in trouble?</q>
asked the other boy.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Tried to get a sneak peek at
school,</q> Tally answered. <q> How ‘bout you?</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Accidentally made a potion that made
things yell insults,</q> the other boy responded.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>What potion was it?</q> Tally
asked.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Slime Repellent</q>, the other boy
replied.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q style="quotes: '“' '“' '‘' '‘'">You put
in too much sugar cane</q>, Tally responded. <q>By the way the
name is Tally. Tally Magiczl.</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Name’s Patrick, but everyone calls me
Pot, because I like to cook</q> said the other boy.&#xA0; From
then until Tally’s duty day (really his double duty day) Tally
put C.B. dates on the liqui-food containers. No matter what
happened Tally dreaded his duty day.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="font: inherit; text-align: center; text-indent:
0">V<br />The double duty Day<br />(The shortest chapter)</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">On his first duty day (also known as the
first day of school) Tally went straight to the headmaster’s
office. The headmaster was the same person as the man dressed
in black. He sat waiting for Tally. <q>You will be making
liqui-food</q> he told Tally.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="font: inherit; text-align: center; text-indent:
0">VI<br />His Double duty month<br />(the longest
chapter)</h2>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>You shall have all other duties removed
and, for the rest of the month you shall do your duty</q>, said
the headmaster. <q>Now go</q>.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally left and immediately went to the SSS
where he began to work. Pot was there too, although he was in
the testing factory.&#xA0; Tally gave the liqui-food to Pot who
put it in a sea serpent stew, and if the stew turned yellow,
then the food passed the test. Then Pot gave it to Code, who
was in the separating area, who separated the stew and the
liqui-food.&#xA0; Next Code passed it to Jordan who packaged
it.&#xA0;&#xA0;</p>

<p style="margin: 0">One day Tally accidentally knocked over
his shelf of ingredients and all except one thing fell in the
potion. Tally read the remaining bottle’s label. It read:&#xA0;
<span style="font-family: 'Arial Black',
monospace">Transforming vial one</span>.&#xA0; The top read:
<span style="font-family: 'Apple Chancery', fantasy;
font-weight: normal">Clear sense, strength and sense adding
juice.&#xA0; Use in emergencies only.&#xA0; Dyes
Yellow.&#xA0;</span></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally gulped, but passed the container of
liqui-food to Pot. Pot poured in the liqui-food in to the stew.
<q style="quotes: '“' '’' '‘' '”'">Hey, Tally, have any yellow
food coloring?</q> asked Pot.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">This is an emergency thought Tally as he
passed over the container. <q>It was mislabeled</q>, he
lied.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Pot poured in the juice. <q>Thanks,</q> he
said. Pot passed the stew to Code. Code asked Pot if he had any
green dye, and Pot reached for the green dye but grabbed slime
instead. He passed the slime to Code. Code poured in the slime
and separated the two foods. He passed both foods to Jordan.
Jordan packaged them.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">What no one knew was this chain of
mistakes caused a sea serpent in the stew to mutate and grow
three heads. It also had six very strong senses. The only thing
stopping it was the fact that it was dead.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Hey do you have any tape?</q> asked
Jordan.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Yeah</q>, said Code.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Code passed him some <q>Wakes the Dead</q>
dripping tape. Jordan put it on. The <q>Wakes the dead</q>
formula dripped onto the three headed snake and <q>Woke the<br
/>Dead</q>!!!&#xA0; The stupid, slimy, stinky, scaly,
super-powered, silly sea serpent was alive.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="font: inherit; text-align: center; text-indent:
0">VII<br />The Stupid, Slimy, Stinky, Scaly, Super-powered,
Silly Sea Serpent was Alive</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">The box rumbled. Then it burst open and a
stupid, slimy, stinky, scaly, super-powered, silly, sea serpent
with three heads crawled out of the box. Tally gulped. He put
the sea serpent back the box and wrote on it:</p>

<p style="margin: 21pt 0 21pt 1.5in; text-indent: 0">

To:&#xA0; Jordan Mode<br />

9999 Shorecurve<br />

Wiscoming&#xA0; 100-900

</p>

<p style="margin: 0">He mailed it to Jordan, because he didn’t
like him. Tally got refills on liqui-food ingredients, and went
home. He then built a U.T.V.II tunnel that would take him to
Jordan’s house.&#xA0; He wanted to be there when Jordan got the
package.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally got into his U.T.V.II. but
accidentally pressed SSS instead.&#xA0; When he arrived, he got
out of the U.T.V.II, and it’s doors locked.&#xA0; He had left
the key inside. He was inside the SSS, and although he tried to
get out, all of the SSS’s doors were sealed. Tally sighed. It
was time for some serious potion making.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="margin: 42pt 0 21pt 2in; text-indent: 1.5in; font:
inherit">VIII<br />Some Serious Potion Making</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">In the kitchen, Tally mixed O-Jell with
Rustifier and poured it on the doors of the SSS. The Rustifier
rusted the doors while the O-Jell took off the rust. The doors
rusted away. Tally looked through the doorway and saw wood.
Tally had forgotten all about the emergency wood panels. The
fact that they were out meant that there must have been
something wrong inside of the building.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>Hissssssssssssssssss…</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0">Tally turned around and saw the sea
serpent. Its hiss seemed to last forever. Tally ran, but the
sea serpent caught up with him. He remembered that it was sense
strengthened, and knew what he had to do. He made tons of
noise. The snake, terrified of the racket that was vibrating in
his head, shrank back. Tally threw his pocketknife at the
snake. The snake tried to dodge it, but it hit him square in
the forehead. It fell down dead. Tally smiled. One down, zero
to go.</p>

</section>

<section>

<h2 style="font: inherit; text-align: center; text-indent:
0">IX<br />The End…?</h2>

<p style="margin: 0">People burst the wooden door seal open and
saw Tally, holding his pocketknife, and the sea serpent,
covered with blood, against the wall.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>What happened?</q> asked the other
people.</p>

<p style="margin: 0"><q>I killed a stupid sea serpent,</q>
answered Tally.</p>

</section>

<footer style="margin: 21pt 0 0; text-align: 0">the
end</footer>

</article>
