<article xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" style="padding:
1in 1.25in; width: 6in; font: normal 12pt / 1 sans-serif;
text-align: left; text-align-last: auto; text-indent: .5in">

<header style="margin: 0 0 12pt 4in; text-indent: 0"><ins>[[ author name ]]</ins><br /><time datetime="2005-01-19">1/19/05</time><br
/>Vocabulary<br />Bonus<br />Theme Three<br />Words in a
story</header>

<h1 style="margin: 0 0 12pt; font: inherit; text-indent:
0">Exasperated Wolf<br />and<br />Little Red Riding Hood</h1>

<p style="margin: 0">Exasperated Wolf arrived deep into the
forest through an empty aqueduct. The aqueduct made a
passageway to the terraced hillside, which was isolated from
other inhabitants, especially humans. The hillside looked just
like giant steps. He felt very ingenious and smart for figuring
out a way through the many provinces in Canada to this place
flourishing with plants of astounding colors.</p>

<p style="margin: 0">While he was admiring the scenery, he
heard footsteps. A friendly and sociable girl was skipping on
the path next to him. She decided to talk to him. <q>Hello,</q>
she said. <q>I am going to visit my grandma, so that I can give
her some cookies to eat while Grandpa is away. Grandpa is an
archeologist and is going to get some stones from quarries, so
he can reconstruct a pyramid. Two weeks ago, he found a
perfectly preserved mosaic about a famine in which everyone
starved. It was in perfect condition, not a single tile was
cracked! He found an emblem that showed good virtues, too. He
is really cool!</q></p>

<p style="margin: 0"> Exasperated Wolf looked at her with
interest. As she talked, he formulated an elaborate plan. He
would scour himself clean, so that his hygiene would be
perfect. He would disguise himself to look like the
grandfather, and then proceed to sneak up on Grandma. (Sneaking
up on grandmas is his specialty.)</p>

<p style="margin: 0">Once he got to the house, he would
persuade her out of the house and disguise himself as the
grandma.  After that, he would scare the kid, take some cookies
and be on his way.</p>

<p style="margin: 0; text-indent: 0">He got to the grandpa’s
bedroom and was looking through his clothes when Grandma came
charging in, bellowing and yelling: <q>What’s going on in here?
You roused me from my sleep!  Even those democratic people
in Washington D.C. could hear you! They are probably in an
administrative meeting trying to figure out how to run
civilization. I am going to skewer you with this newfangled rod
with two prongs to make it a more reliable marshmallow toaster.
It came out yesterday!  I wonder how good it works on you,
you brute!</q> </p>

<p style="margin: 0; text-indent: 0">What could Exasperated
Wolf do?  He ran.  As for the rest of the Little Red
Riding Hood story, well, someone just made that up.</p>

<footer style="margin: 12pt 0 0; text-indent: 0">

<p style="margin: 0">The END</p>

<p style="margin: 24pt 0 12pt">Don’t miss:  Exasperated
Wolf and the Boy Who Cried <q>WOLF!</q></p>

</footer>

</article>
