<article xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<h1>Nat Gets Attacked by Ele the Alien Under the Sea</h1>

<p><q>Dad can I jump off that cliff over there?</q>&#xA0; I
begged.</p>

<p><q>Of course Nat,</q> my dad told me.</p>

<p>Oh, let me introduce myself.&#xA0; My name is Nat
Shoemen.&#xA0; I'm eight years old. I am a boy and have dark
brown eyes. My hair is pitch black and I have dark skin.&#xA0;
I weigh about 52.5 pounds and am four feet three inches tall. I
love cliff diving into the ocean.&#xA0; You cliff dive by going
to the top of a cliff.&#xA0; Then when you get to the top you
dive into the water. Well, there are some things about me.</p>

<p>Right now we are on vacation and at a cliff diving
area.&#xA0; The cliff diving area is over the Pacific Ocean.
Now back to the story.&#xA0; I went over to a cliff that was
300 feet high and I did a triple back flip off the edge and
into the ocean.</p>

<p>&#xA0;<q>Sploosh!!!</q></p>

<p>I landed in the murky water.&#xA0; All of a sudden some
seaweed wrapped around my leg.</p>

<hr />

<p>I looked down and stared at the evilest alien I had ever
seen (I had only seen two before) yanking down on my leg.&#xA0;
She had pea green eyes, dark brown hair, freckles, and was
three feet tall. She was wearing a green shirt, black pants and
black boots. She pulled and tugged me further down under the
ocean into a giant bubble. I finally let out my breath which I
had been holding all of this time. I gazed around inside the
bubble and was amazed at how elegant her home was.</p>

<p><q>Dad, I found a human</q> the alien told another alien, I
think it was her father.</p>

<p><q>Good work, Ele</q> the alien, who I think was the father,
said. <q>Now we can start asking it questions.</q></p>

<p>I found out they were planning to invade Earth.</p>

<p><q>I'm going to have to warn people</q> I said to myself.
<q>But, how?</q></p>

<hr />

<p>I knew the surface was too far under the ocean to swim to
the top.&#xA0; I observed a dolphin through the wall of the
bubble. <q>If I could break through the wall of the bubble I
could ride the dolphin to the surface.</q> I said to myself. I
quickly exploded through the wall of the bubble and onto the
dolphin as he raced by and he immediately swam to the surface
near the shore.&#xA0; I was out of breath, but I made it.</p>

<hr />

<p>&#xA0;&#xA0;Now, I needed to find a way to warn people of
the planned invasion by aliens.</p>

<p>I told my dad all that had just happened to me.</p>

<p><q>Nat, there are no such thing as aliens</q> he explained
to me.</p>

<p>I don't know what happened to the aliens, but I am never
going cliff diving again. I am sure of that.</p>

</article>
